docs: more accurately describe confirmable and resolution times (#1186)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/bold/bold-gentle-introduction.md

That’s it! We’ve now walked through each of the steps that validators will take to dispute challenges with the BOLD protocol. One final note here is that each of the steps explained above can take place concurrently and this is one of the reasons why BOLD can guarantee that disputes are resolved within a fixed time frame. 

### BOLD's economics and spam protection

> Given that participation in BOLD is permissionless, it is recommended that the size of the bonds required to participate be high enough to disincentivize malicious actors from attacking Arbitrum One and Nova and to mitigate against spam (that would otherwise delay confirmations). High bonding values do not harm decentralization because (1) trustless bonding pools can be deployed permissionlessly to let the community open challenges and post assertions, and (2) any number of honest parties of unknown identities can emerge to bond their funds to the correct assertion and participate in the defense of Arbitrum at any time within a challenge. As with the current dispute resolution protocol, there are no protocol level incentives for parties who opt in to participate in validating Arbitrum One and Nova with BOLD. The bonds can be any ERC20 token and be set to any size for Arbitrum One and Nova, as determined by the ArbitrumDAO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given that participation in BOLD is permissionless, it is recommended that the size of the bonds required to participate be high enough to disincentivize malicious actors from attacking Arbitrum One and Nova and to mitigate against spam (that would otherwise delay confirmations). High bonding values do not harm decentralization because (1) trustless bonding pools can be deployed permissionlessly to let the community open challenges and post assertions, and (2) any number of honest parties of unknown identities can emerge to bond their funds to the correct assertion and participate in defense of Arbitrum at any time within a challenge. As with the current dispute resolution protocol, there are no protocol-level incentives for parties who opt to participate in validating Arbitrum One and Nova with BOLD. The bonds can be any ERC20 token and be set to any size for Arbitrum One and Nova, as determined by the ArbitrumDAO.
```

**How does bonding work?**

> - The entities responsible for posting assertions about Arbitrum state to Ethereum are called validators. If posting assertions were free, anyone could create conflicting assertions to always delay withdrawals by 14 days instead of 7. As such, Arbitrum requires validators to put in a “security deposit”, known as a bond, to be allowed to post assertions. Validators can withdraw their bond as soon as their latest posted assertion has been confirmed, and end their responsibilities. These bonds can be any ERC20 token and should be set to a large enough value (e.g. 200 WETH) to make it economically infeasible for an advesary to attack an Arbitrum chain and to mitigate against spam (that would otherwise delay confirmations). Requiring a high bond to post assertions about Arbitrum seems centralizing, as we are replacing a whitelist of validators with instead a system that requires a lot of money to participate in. To address this, there is a [contract](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/bold/blob/main/contracts/src/assertionStakingPool/AssertionStakingPoolCreator.sol) that anyone can use to deploy a bonding pool as a way of crowdsourcing funds from others who wish to help defend Arbitrum but who may not individually be able to put up the large upfront bond itself. The use of bonding pools, coupled with the fact that there can be any number of honest anonymous parties ready to defend Arbitrum, means that these high bond values do not harm decenentralization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The entities responsible for posting assertions about Arbitrum state to Ethereum are called validators. If posting assertions were free, anyone could create conflicting assertions to always delay withdrawals by fourteen days instead of seven. As such, Arbitrum requires validators to put in a “security deposit”, known as a bond, to be allowed to post assertions. Validators can withdraw their bond as soon as their latest posted assertion has been confirmed, and end their responsibilities. These bonds can be any ERC20 token and should be set to a large enough value (e.g., 200 WETH) to make it economically infeasible for an adversary to attack an Arbitrum chain and to mitigate against spam (that would otherwise delay confirmations). Requiring a high bond to post assertions about Arbitrum seems centralizing, as we are replacing a whitelist of validators with instead a system that requires a lot of money to participate in. To address this, there is a [contract](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/bold/blob/main/contracts/src/assertionStakingPool/AssertionStakingPoolCreator.sol) that anyone can use to deploy a bonding pool as a way of crowdsourcing funds from others who wish to help defend Arbitrum but who may not individually be able to put up the large upfront bond itself. The use of bonding pools, coupled with the fact that there can be any number of honest, anonymous parties ready to defend Arbitrum, means that these high bond values do not harm decentralization.
```

**What is the user flow for using the assertion bonding pool contract?**

> - Anyone can deploy an assertion bonding pool using [`AssertionStakingPoolCreator.sol`](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/bold/blob/main/contracts/src/assertionStakingPool/AssertionStakingPoolCreator.sol) as a means to crowdsource funds to put up a bond for an assertion. To defend Arbitrum using a bonding pool, an entity would first deploy this pool with the assertion that they believe is correct and wish to put up a bond to challenge an advesary's assertion. Then, anyone can verify that the claimed assertion is correct by running the inputs through their node's State Transition Function (STF). If other parties agree on the assertion being correct, then they can deposit their funds into the contract. When enough funds have been deposited, anyone can permissionlessly trigger the creation of the assertion on-chain to start the challenge. Finally, once the honest parties' assertion is confirmed by the dispute protocol, all involved entities can get their funds reimbursed and can withdraw.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Anyone can deploy an assertion bonding pool using [`AssertionStakingPoolCreator.sol`](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/bold/blob/main/contracts/src/assertionStakingPool/AssertionStakingPoolCreator.sol) as a means to crowdsource funds to put up a bond for an assertion. To defend Arbitrum using a bonding pool, an entity would first deploy this pool with the assertion they believe is correct and wish to put up a bond to challenge an adversary's assertion. Then, anyone can verify that the claimed assertion is correct by running the inputs through their node's State Transition Function (STF). If other parties agree that the assertion is correct, then they can deposit their funds into the contract. When enough funds have been deposited, anyone can permissionlessly trigger the creation of the assertion on-chain to start the challenge. Finally, once the honest parties' assertion is confirmed by the dispute protocol, all involved entities can get their funds reimbursed and can withdraw.
```
